chore(docs): update docs with the CDN links (#596)
Vonage/vivid-3: libs/components/README.md

[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![Apache 2.0 License][license-shield]][license-url]

  <h6>
    Vonage's design system platform targeted to provide </br>incorporated, battery-charged web components.
  </h6>
  <a class="home-page-hero-docs-btn" href="https://vivid.deno.dev"><strong>Explore the docs</strong></a>
  <div class="home-page-hero-docs-links">
    <a href="https://github.com/Vonage/vivid-3/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=bug_report.md&title=">Report Bug</a>
    <span>|</span>
    <a href="https://github.com/Vonage/vivid-3/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=feature_request.md&title=">Request Feature</a>
  </div>
</div>

<br>
<br>

> Vivid philosophy favors lock-down over white labeling strategy, utilizing high-level design tokens to customize UI systematically rather than permuting components directly (to a balanced degree). This guideline help keep integration processes ergonomic and the UI consistent.

## Quickstart

### CDN

> You can import vivid components from CDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can import vivid components from a CDN.

```

- https://unpkg.com/@vonage/vivid@next

> - https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@vonage/vivid@next

Reviewer: it feels like taking credit for these services. maybe we need to shortly introduce the services and credit them

Reviewer: url import requires the full file path. paste these in browser's url and copy the file path result

Author: You don't really need the file path result because if you import just `@next` you get the main `index` file which brings the whole package for you.
You could import a single file - I'll add this example

> Note that in addition to importing the JS files, you also need to add the CSS.

Reviewer: this is being documented at #595. refer once merged? or refer to the expected path

[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![Apache 2.0 License][license-shield]][license-url]

  <h6>
    Vonage's design system platform targeted to provide </br>incorporated, battery-charged web components.
  </h6>
  <a class="home-page-hero-docs-btn" href="https://vivid.deno.dev"><strong>Explore the docs</strong></a>
  <div class="home-page-hero-docs-links">
    <a href="https://github.com/Vonage/vivid-3/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=bug_report.md&title=">Report Bug</a>
    <span>|</span>
    <a href="https://github.com/Vonage/vivid-3/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=feature_request.md&title=">Request Feature</a>
  </div>
</div>

<br>
<br>

> Vivid philosophy favors lock-down over white labeling strategy, utilizing high-level design tokens to customize UI systematically rather than permuting components directly (to a balanced degree). This guideline help keep integration processes ergonomic and the UI consistent.

## Quickstart

### CDN
You can import vivid components from a CDN. 

Vivid is using [unpkg](https://unpkg.com) and [jsdeliver](https://jsdeliver) to serve the package.

> - https://unpkg.com/@vonage/vivid@next
> - https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@vonage/vivid@next

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [https://unpkg.com/@vonage/vivid@next](https://unpkg.com/@vonage/vivid@next)
- [https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@vonage/vivid@next](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@vonage/vivid@next)
```

## Roadmap

> [view components status](https://github.com/orgs/Vonage/projects/3)

Reviewer 2: the link doesn’t lead to the component's status page

We publish a _next_ release on every successful merge to main, so you never need to wait for a new stable version to make use of any updates.

See the [open issues](https://github.com/vonage/vivid-3/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<br>

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

> Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/Vonage/vivid-3/issues). You can also take a look at the [contributing guide](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer 2: `contributing guide` page not found

<br>

### Getting started

#### Generate a new component

> `npx run nx g @vonage/nx-vivid:component my-component`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```bash
npx run nx g @vonage/nx-vivid:component my-component
```
```

Will generate a new component in `libs/componnts/src/lib/my-component`

#### Test

> `npx nx run components:test` or `npm test` will run unit tests for the components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```bash
npx nx run components:test
```
 or  
```bash
npm test
```
will run unit tests for the components.
```

Author: I don't think this is a good change. It is one sentence and not a code example.  Does splitting it to two bash commands seem clearer to you?
In addition, this is beyond the scope of this PR to fix all the ailes of this files. See the title :)

Reviewer 2: idk if it's the best solution but it doesn't look good:
<img width="904" alt="Screen Shot 2022-08-04 at 15 02 57" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10883919/182842312-6c3f143b-54af-475d-9ee8-83dc428966d5.png">

Reviewer 2: <img width="1341" alt="Screen Shot 2022-08-04 at 15 03 20" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10883919/182842373-b879b3ec-64d5-4451-9076-d63fc1bc418f.png">
this looks much nicer

Author: The whole page looks uninviting...
The contribution part should be taken out of here altogether. It has no place on the front page.
All I wanted was to add the CDN links :)
If that's OK, I think we can create a new issue with ALL the remarks one might have on how the page looks like in the past 3-4 months :)

Use the `--watch` flag to develop with the tests refreshing on every change.

Use the `--coverage` flag to generate test coverage for the components.

> See the [ui-tests docs](../../docs/ui-test/readme.md) for how to run visual tests.

Reviewer 2: `ui-tests docs` page not found

Author: It is found in my local env. Where do you try it?

Reviewer 2: https://vivid-7a271fg664xg.deno.dev/

We publish a _next_ release on every successful merge to main, so you never need to wait for a new stable version to make use of any updates.

See the [open issues](https://github.com/vonage/vivid-3/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

> 

Reviewer 2: Vivid project components' view link doesn't work

<br>

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

> Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/Vonage/vivid-3/issues). You can also take a look at the [contributing guide](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer 2: There are two references to the issue page link. On the Roadmap page and on the Contributing page.

Author: That's ok. Two different contexts.

<br>

### Getting started

#### Generate a new component

`npx run nx g @vonage/nx-vivid:component my-component`

Will generate a new component in `libs/componnts/src/lib/my-component`

#### Test

> `npx nx run components:test` will run unit tests for the components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`npx nx run components:test` or `npm test` will run unit tests for the components.
```

Use the `--watch` flag to develop with the tests refreshing on every change.

Use the `--coverage` flag to generate test coverage for the components.

> See the [ui-tests docs](docs/ui-tests/readme.md) for how to run visual tests.

Reviewer 2: ui-tests docs page not found

## Show your support

> Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Give a [⭐️](https://github.com/Vonage/vivid-3/stargazers) if this project helped you!
```

<br>

## 📝 License

This project is [Apache 2.0][license-url] licensed.

<br>

<hr>

## Credits

Vivid is powered by a lot of open source libraries and tools. The main tools and libraries we use are:
* [fast.design](https://fast.design)
* [Deno Deploy](https://deno.com/deploy)
* [unpkg](https://unpkg.com)
* [jsdeliver](https://jsdeliver)

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [floating-ui](https://floating-ui.com/)
```

- [Fast](https://www.fast.design) - to extend element classes and compile code to native web components
- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) - for ergonomic and type-safe code
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com) - for styles authoring extensibility and consistency

## Quickstart

> Global content delivery networks can help with fast integration within a html pages, fetching content from an URL, skipping local builds entirely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global content delivery networks can help quickly integrate content within html pages, fetching content from an URL, skipping local builds entirely.
```
